 
 
 
 
 Weapons - Hunt: Showdown 1896 Wiki 


 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 Indie game deals 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 Create account 

 Log in 

 
 
 


 
 
 Toggle personal tools menu 

 
 
 
 
 Create account 

 Log in 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 Navigation menu

 
 
 
 
 
 Namespaces 
 

 
 
 
 
 Page 
 Discussion 

 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 English 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 Views 
 

 
 
 
 
 Read 
 Sign up to edit 
 View source 
 View history 

 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 Search

 
 
 
 
 
 

 



 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 Navigation 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 Core Gameplay 
 

 
 
 
 
 Game Modes 
 Game Progression 
 Hunters 
 Currency 
 Lore 

 
 
 




 
 
 Environment 
 

 
 
 
 
 Maps 
 World Items 
 Targets 
 Monsters 
 Hazards 
 Noise Traps 

 
 
 




 
 
 Equipment 
 

 
 
 
 
 Weapons 
 Ammo 
 Tools 
 Consumables 
 Traits 

 
 
 




 
 
 Cosmetics 
 

 
 
 
 
 Weapon Charms 
 Equipment Animations 
 Player Profile 

 
 
 




 
 
 Content Sources 
 

 
 
 
 
 Updates 
 Events 
 Twitch Drops 
 DLC 
 Story Challenges 

 
 
 




 
 
 Wiki 
 

 
 
 
 
 Main page 
 Recent changes 
 Random page 
 Help about MediaWiki 
 Contribute to the wiki! 
 Wiki Policies 

 
 
 




 
 
 Tools 
 

 
 
 
 
 What links here 
 Related changes 
 New page 
 Special pages 
 Printable version 
 Page information 
 Database data 

 
 
 




 



 

 
 
 

 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 Weapons 

 
 From Hunt: Showdown 1896 Wiki

 

 

 
 

 Jump to navigation 
 Jump to search 
 Weapons are the main way to deal damage in Hunt: Showdown 1896. All base weapons are available to buy for Hunt Dollars and can be used from Bloodline Rank 0, but their variants (such as attached scopes, bayonets and silencers) have to be unlocked through gaining Weapon XP with that specific weapon family before they can be bought. 

 A lot of weapons also have legendary skins, which can be obtained in various ways. All available skins and their respective source are listed on the weapons pages. 

 In Bounty Hunt and Bounty Clash , players can equip a Hunter with their desired loadout of Weapons, Tools and Consumables before the match, then spawn in with them. 
In Soul Survivor , players have to search the map for Weapons to equip and fight with.


 Contents
 

 
 1 Weapon Types 
 
 1.1 Weapon Slots 

 1.2 Ammo Size 

 1.3 Action Type 

 


 2 List of Weapons 
 
 2.1 Regular Weapons 
 
 2.1.1 Compact Ammo 

 2.1.2 Medium Ammo 

 2.1.3 Long Ammo 

 2.1.4 Special Long Ammo 

 2.1.5 Shotgun Shells 

 2.1.6 Special Ammo 

 2.1.7 Melee Weapons 

 


 


 3 Weapon Statistics 
 
 3.1 Outdated Stats 

 


 4 Removed Features 
 
 4.1 Weapon Cleaning 

 4.2 Broken Scopes 

 


 5 Update History 

 



 Weapon Types 

 Weapons in the game are categorized in three different ways: Weapon Slot Size, Ammo Type and Action Type.


 Weapon Slots 

 Each Hunter is able to equip two weapons in their loadout, which can be any combination of weapons within a player's Weapon Capacity. Weapons range from 1-5 'slots':


 5 Slot : Large, powerful weapons such as the Nitro Express , Auto-5 , and Mosin-Nagant Avtomat , or weapons with excessive attachments like the Maynard Sniper Silencer .

 4 Slot : Full-length Rifles and Shotguns, as well as Special weapons such as the Crossbow .

 3 Slot : Carbines and Large Sawn-off Shotguns, Large Pistols equipped with stocks, and Special weapons such as the Hunting Bow or Bomb Lance .

 2 Slot : Sawn-off Rifles and Shotguns, Pistols equipped with stocks, most Dual-Wielded pistol pairs, large pistols such as the Uppercut and Dolch 96 , and large melee weapons such as the Combat Axe and Katana .

 1 Slot : Pistols, small Melee Weapons and Special weapons such as Hand Crossbow .
 
 Hunters are able to carry up to 5 slots worth of weapon capacity.

 With the Trait Quartermaster a Hunter can carry 6 slots, allowing them to combine two 3 slots, a 4 & 2 slot, or a 5 & 1 slot.


 Ammo Size 

 There are six main types of ammunition:


 Compact Ammo: Small caliber weapons with lower damage, muzzle velocity and penetration, but a smoother bullet drop over distance and the largest ammo pool (20-28 extra for rifles and 12-21 for pistols)

 Medium Ammo: Medium caliber weapons with higher damage, muzzle velocity and penetration, with slightly steeper bullet drop and less ammo than Compact (12-24 extra for rifles and 12 for pistols)

 Long Ammo: Large caliber blackpowder weapons with high damage and penetration, but with steep bullet drop and the least ammo (10-18 extra for rifles and 6-14 for pistols)

 Special Long Ammo: Large caliber smokeless powder weapons with the highest damage and muzzle velocity, which cannot share ammunition with other black powder Long Ammo weapons.

 Shotgun Shells: 12 & 20 gauge shotgun shells that fire a spread of 14 pellets over short distance

 Special Ammo: Non-traditional ammunition that follows its own rules, such as Crossbows, Hunting Bows, Bomb Launchers, the Nitro Express and the Dolch 96 
 
 The general behavior of each ammo type can be tweaked with Custom Ammo to increase penetration or muzzle velocity or create status effects such as bleeding, burning or poisoning. More information on the various ammo types can be found on the Ammo page .


 Action Type 

 To further differentiate weapons aside from size and ammo, subcategories exist which reflect the kinds of stats each weapon has and how they technically work. These categories aren't represented by official designations and it's not possible to filter for them, however their used gets tracked and players are able to unlock matching elements for their Player Profile .


 Bolt Action : Rifles that pull a bolt back to cycle a new cartridge into the chamber.
 Benefits from the Iron Eye trait to keep sights on target while working the bolt.

 Some can benefit from the Bulletgrubber trait to save ejected live rounds when reloading.
 
 
 Lever Action : Rifles and shotguns that cock a lever to cycle a new cartridge.
 Benefits from the Iron Eye trait to keep sights on target while working the lever.

 Especially benefits from the Levering trait to hipfire the weapon very quickly
 
 
 Pump Action : Shotguns and rifles that pump a sliding handguard to cycle a new cartridge.
 Can benefit from the Iron Eye trait, though it does little for shotguns which are equally accurate in hipfire and ADS

 Some can benefit from the Bulletgrubber trait to save ejected rounds when reloading
 
 
 Single-Shot : Rifles, shotguns, pistols, crossbows and bomb launchers that manually load a single cartridge or bolt into the chamber.
 Rifles benefit from the Fast Fingers trait to reload the weapon faster from a handful of bullets kept in the supporting hand

 Single-Shot weapons can split their ammo pool between two ammo types, such as regular and custom, or two types of custom ammo.
 
 
 Double-Barrel : Rifles and shotguns that can be fired twice before needing to be manually reloaded
 
 Semi-Automatic and Automatic : Rifles, shotguns and pistols that load a new round automatically after each trigger pull, or when the trigger is held down
 Far more expensive than any other kind of weapon
 
 
 Single-Action : Revolvers that require the hammer to be manually cocked back before firing
 Benefits from the Fanning trait to hipfire the weapon very quickly
 
 
 Double-Action : Revolvers that automatically cock the hammer back when pulling the trigger
 Cannot benefit from the Fanning trait
 
 
 List of Weapons 

 All of the base weapons in the game are listed here. Variants of each weapon can be found on their respective pages.

 Some weapons are only available as Scarce Weapons and/or during specific Events . They cannot be bought with Hunt Dollars , but they need to be obtained in-game in exchange for Pledge Marks .

 You can alphabetically see all weapons by visiting the Weapons Category . 


 Regular Weapons 

 Compact Ammo 

 
 
 


 Infantry 73L 

 


 
 


 Marathon 

 


 
 


 Ranger 73 

 


 
 


 Frontier 73C 

 


 
 


 Lemat Carbine 

 


 
 


 Officer Carbine 

 


 
 


 Bornheim No.3 Match 

 


 
 


 Nagant M1895 Precision 

 


 
 


 Vandal 73C 

 


 
 


 Bornheim No. 3 

 


 
 


 Conversion 

 


 
 


 LeMat 

 


 
 


 Nagant M1895 

 


 
 


 New Army 

 


 
 


 Officer 

 


 
 Medium Ammo 

 
 
 


 Maynard Sniper Silencer 

 


 
 


 Centennial 

 


 
 


 Drilling 

 


 
 


 Maynard Sniper 

 


 
 


 Springfield 1866 

 


 
 


 Vetterli 71 Cyclone 

 


 
 


 Wildland 

 


 
 


 1865 Carbine 

 


 
 


 Vetterli 71 

 


 
 


 Centennial Shorty 

 


 
 


 Drilling Shorty 

 


 
 


 Scottfield Precision 

 


 
 


 Springfield 1866 Shorty 

 


 
 


 Pax 

 


 
 


 Scottfield 

 


 
 Long Ammo 

 
 
 


 Mako 1895 

 


 
 


 Martini-Henry 

 


 
 


 Sparks 

 


 
 


 1890 Cavalry 

 


 
 


 Uppercut Precision 

 


 
 


 Haymaker 

 


 
 


 Uppercut 

 


 
 


 Sparks Pistol 

 


 
 Special Long Ammo 

 
 
 


 Krag 

 


 
 


 Lebel 1886 

 


 
 


 Mosin-Nagant 

 


 
 


 Berthier 1892 

 


 
 


 Mosin Obrez Match 

 


 
 


 Mosin Obrez 

 


 
 Shotgun Shells 

 Note: LeMat and Drilling also have an additional shotgun barrel which players can switch back and forth.


 
 
 


 Auto-5 

 


 
 


 Homestead 78 

 


 
 


 Rival 78 

 


 
 


 Romero 77 

 


 
 


 Slate 

 


 
 


 Specter 1882 

 


 
 


 Terminus 

 


 
 


 Auto-4 Shorty 

 


 
 


 Burgess 

 


 
 


 Rival 78 Shorty 

 


 
 


 Romero 77 Shorty 

 


 
 


 Specter 1882 Shorty 

 


 
 


 Terminus Shorty 

 


 
 Special Ammo 

 Note: The Bomb Lance is also a very strong melee weapon, capable of killing enemies with one hit.


 
 
 


 Nitro Express 

 


 
 


 Crossbow 

 


 
 


 Shredder 

 


 
 


 Bomb Lance 

 


 
 


 Dolch 96 Precision 

 


 
 


 Hunting Bow 

 


 
 


 Bomb Launcher 

 


 
 


 Chu Ko Nu 

 


 
 


 Dolch 96 

 


 
 


 Flame Rifle 

 


 
 


 Hand Crossbow 

 


 
 Melee Weapons 

 
 
 


 Combat Axe 

 


 
 


 Katana 

 


 
 


 Railroad Hammer 

 


 
 


 Baseball Bat 

 


 
 


 Cavalry Saber 

 


 
 


 Machete 

 


 
 Weapon Statistics 

 Weapon Stats of the Conversion Chain Pistol 



 Weapon Stats determine the strength and weaknesses of each respective weapon, and can be modified by Weapon Variants and Custom Ammo.

 Damage 


 Damage value of a shot that hits a Hunter in the upper torso at 10 meters

 For shotguns, this is the average damage at 10 meters at center mass
 
 Drop Range 


 Distance (in meters) at which a projectile drops roughly a head's height (20cm) below the aim point

 Displayed in the HUD when Aiming Down Sights

 Rate of drop varies by ammo type and is modified by velocity, barrel length and weapon action types
 
 Rate of Fire 


 Shots fired per minute, including time to reload
 
 Cycle Time 


 The time (in seconds) a weapon needs to be ready for the next shot, including time to reload for single-shot weapons

 For Dual Wield: the time it takes for the weapon that shot first to be ready again
 
 Spread 


 The relative crosshair spread of a weapon while aiming from the hip

 Shotguns have a comparatively wider spread
 
 Sway 


 The relative amount of weapon sway while ADS
 
 Vertical Recoil 


 The strength of the vertical recoil (in degrees) after a shot
 
 Reload Speed 


 The time (in seconds) it takes to fully reload the weapon when empty

 Includes any special behavior such as clip reloading or cycling the weapon before the last round can be inserted
 
 Muzzle Velocity 


 The velocity (meters per second) at which a weapon's projectile travels

 Projectiles travel in a ballistic arc
 
 Melee Damage 


 Damage value of a light or heavy melee attack that hits a Hunter in the upper torso
 
 Stamina Consumption 


 The stamina consumed (out of 100) with a light or heavy melee attack
 
 Outdated Stats 

 These stats are no longer present to view, as they were replaced by other statistics.

 Effective Range 


 The range (in meters) that weapons will kill a Hunter in one hit – usually a headshot

 Replaced in Update 2.0 with Drop Range, as headshots became lethal at any range
 
 Handling 


 An abstract percentage rating of effectiveness taking into account; weapon sway, recoil and bullet spread

 Replaced in Update 1.12 with Spread, Sway and Vertical Recoil statistics to give more granular information
 
 Removed Features 

 Over time, the following features regarding general weapon behavior have been removed from the game.


 Weapon Cleaning 

 Weapons get more dirty every time they lay on the ground (which happens when the Hunter gets downed). The layers of dirt are purely cosmetic and have no negative effect on the weapon's functionality.

 Up until Update 1.13 , this dirt was permanent to a weapon and could be cleaned off either in exchange for some Blood Bonds in the game menu or in-game with the use of Gun Oil . Even newly bought standard weapons had the lightest layer of dirt on them by default; only legendary skins were completely clean.

 Weapons still get dirty during a mission, but they get cleaned automatically upon successful extraction.


 Broken Scopes 

 As a penalty for not paying the price, scopes of contraband weapons from Tier I/Free Hunter Recruits and from weapons found in-game (e.g. from dead Hunters) had a massive crack in them. There was no way to remove this crack and it had a substantial impact on the weapon's usability. This crack was later made less severe, then the feature was eventually removed altogether.


 Update History 

 Note: These are updates about general Weapon behavior, changes to each individual Weapon are listed on their respectives pages. 


 

 
 Update 
 Patch Notes
 

 
 Update Early Access 0.1 
 
 Weapons are grouped by their physical size into small (1), medium (2) and large (3) slot weapons. Players can equip max. 4 slots worth of weapons, which for example allows to combine a full size rifle and a pistol or a sawn-off rifle and a sawn-off shotgun. The Trait Quartermaster allows to carry 6 slots (= 2 large size) worth of weapons.
 

 
 Update Early Access 1.0 
 
 The Trait Quartermaster now only allows to carry 5 slots (= 1 large and 1 medium size) worth of weapons.
 

 
 Update 1.0 
 
 Weapons can be cleaned in exchange for Blood Bonds .
 

 
 Update 1.4.1 
 
 Introduction of dual-wielded pistol pairs.
 

 
 Update 1.4.8 
 
 Introduction of Gun Oil which allows players to clean their current weapon in-game.
 

 
 Update 1.13 
 
 Weapons now get cleaned automatically after a sucessfull extraction.
 

 
 Harvest of Ghosts Event 
 
 Gunrunner added as an Event Trait - Allows the player to equip two large slot weapons (like Quartermaster in its original state)
 

 
 Post Malone's Murder Circus Event 
 
 Introduction of Scarce Weapons . ( Shredder was the first of this kind.)
 

 
 Garden of the Witch Event 
 
 Gunrunner added as an Event Trait - Allows the player to equip two large slot weapons (like Quartermaster in its original state)
 

 
 Judgement of The Fool Event 
 
 Gunrunner added as an Event Trait - Allows the player to equip two large slot weapons (like Quartermaster in its original state)
 

 
 Update 2.0 
 
 Bullet drop added to the game. Headshot are now always lethal.
 

 
 Update 2.1 
 
 Added a drop helper for scoped rifles.
 

 
 Update 2.2 
 
 Removed the crack in the scopes of contraband/found weapons.
 

 
 Update 2.8 
 
 Weapons are now no longer grouped by their physical size but by their actual strength into 1-5 slots. Players can equip max. 5 slots worth of weapons, which means by default it's no longer possible to carry a sidearm next to the most powerful weapons. Consequently the Trait Quartermaster now allows to carry 6 slots worth of weapons.
 
 
 
 

 


 Retrieved from " https://huntshowdown.wiki.gg/wiki/Weapons?oldid=16773 "


 Category : Equipment 
 


 

 
 
 


 


 

 


 
 Report bad advertisement 
 

 

 

 
 

 

 



 
 Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. 
 More information OK 
 





 
 
 This page was last edited on 10 September 2026, at 23:33.

 Page content is under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 License unless otherwise noted.


 

 
 Terms of Service 

 Privacy policy 

 Support Wiki 

 Send a ticket to wiki.gg 

 Status page 

 Manage cookie settings 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 





 
 

